Q1. Relationship between JVM, JDK, and JRE 

JVM (Java Virtual Machine)
JVM is an abstract machine. 
It is called a virtual machine because it doesn't physically exist. 
It is a specification that provides a runtime environment in which Java bytecode can be executed. 
It can also run those programs which are written in other languages and compiled to Java bytecode.
The JVM performs the following main tasks - Loads code, Verifies code, Executes code, Provides runtime environment.


JRE (Java Runtime Environment)
JRE is an acronym for Java Runtime Environment. 
It is also written as Java Rune Time Environment. 
The Java Runtime Environment is a set of software tools which are used for developing Java applications. 
It is used to provide the runtime environment. 
It is the implementation of JVM. It physically exists. 
It contains a set of libraries + other files that JVM uses at runtime.


JDK (Java Development Kit)
JDK is an acronym for Java Development Kit. 
The Java Development Kit (JDK) is a software development environment which is used to develop Java applications and applets.
It physically exists. It contains JRE + development tools.
The JDK contains a private Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and a few other resources 
such as an interpreter/loader (java), a compiler (javac), an archiver (jar), 
a documentation generator (Javadoc), etc. to complete the development of a Java Application.






Q2.JVM ARCHITECTURE
JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is an abstract machine. 
It is a specification that provides runtime environment in which java bytecode can be executed.
JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms (i.e. JVM is platform dependent).

Architecture of JVM :
1) Classloader
	Classloader is a subsystem of JVM which is used to load class files. 
	Whenever we run the java program, it is loaded first by the classloader. 
2) Class(Method) Area
	Class(Method) Area stores per-class structures such as the runtime constant pool, field and method data, the code for methods.

3) Heap
	It is the runtime data area in which objects are allocated.

4) Stack
	Java Stack stores frames. It holds local variables and partial results, and plays a part in method invocation and return.
5) Program Counter Register
	PC (program counter) register contains the address of the Java virtual machine instruction currently being executed.
6) Native Method Stack
	It contains all the native methods used in the application.
7) Execution Engine
	It contains: virtual processor, Interpreter, Just-In-Time(JIT) compiler
	*Interpreter: Read bytecode stream then execute the instructions.
	*Just-In-Time(JIT) compiler: It is used to improve the performance. 
	JIT compiles parts of the byte code that have similar functionality at the same time, 
	and hence reduces the amount of time needed for compilation. 
8) Java Native Interface
	Java Native Interface (JNI) is a framework which provides an interface to communicate 
	with another application written in another language like C, C++, Assembly etc. 
	Java uses JNI framework to send output to the Console or interact with OS libraries.
	
	
	
Q3.FEATURES OF JAVA

1.Simple
	Java is very easy to learn, and its syntax is simple, clean and easy to understand.
2.Object-oriented
	Java is an object-oriented programming language. 
	Everything in Java is an object. 
	Basic concepts of OOPs are:
	Object
	Class
	Inheritance
	Polymorphism
	Abstraction
	Encapsulation
3.Platform Independent
	Java is platform independent because it is different from other languages like C, C++, etc. which are compiled into platform specific machines 
	While Java code written on one machine can run anywhere on any OS. 
	A platform is the hardware or software environment in which a program runs.
	Hence Java dont need the same platform on which it has compiled.
	'.class' file of java can be run on any machine. Hence it is PLATFORM INDEPENDANT
4.Secured
	Java is best known for its security. 
	With Java, we can develop virus-free systems. 
	Java is secured because:
		No explicit pointer
		Java Programs run inside a virtual machine sandbox	
		Classloader
5.Robust
	The English mining of Robust is strong. Java is robust because:
		It uses strong memory management.
		There is a lack of pointers that avoids security problems.
		Java provides automatic garbage collection which runs on the 
		Java Virtual Machine to get rid of objects which are not being used by a Java application anymore.
		There are exception handling and the type checking mechanism in Java. All these points make Java robust.
6.Architecture-neutral
	Java is architecture neutral because there are no implementation dependent features, 
	for example, the size of primitive types is fixed.
	In C programming, int data type occupies 2 bytes of memory for 32-bit architecture and 4 bytes of memory for 64-bit architecture. 
	However, it occupies 4 bytes of memory for both 32 and 64-bit architectures in Java.



Q4.REAL LIFE EXAMPLE OOPS PILLERS

Encapsulation : 
	organization is consists of several departments like 
	the production department, purchase department, sales department, and Accounts department. 
	It combines all these departments together and had formed the organization.

Abstraction :
In an ATM machine, we can perform functions like withdraw cash, deposit cash, check balance.
ATM performs a lot of actions but doesn’t show us the process. 
It has hidden its process by showing only the main things like getting inputs and giving the output.

Poly-morephism :
	Suppose thre is a man.
	Man can be a teacher, a man can be a buisness man, or a man can be a government employee.  
	So that this man can exist in different ways in different situations.
	That is the method man has different forms.

Inheritance :
Let's assume that there is a class as Vehicle. 
All vehicles are not the same. 
We can inherit common properties like color, size, type from the parent vehicle class and 
create classes like Car, Bus, Bike.


